The Guide to Nonexistent Birds: an Ornithological Logic

SECTION 1475771516.275981:

* * ** *** ***** ******** *************

ARCTIC FLYCATCHER
A bird with a brown shoulder and a brown head is the arctic flycatcher. They can most often be told apart by their mottled shoulders and breasts. Arctic flycatchers can often be seen eating roots and seeds in western tundra, or now and then in conifers. These birds live in pairs. CALL: a squawking that starts abrasive and ends hoarse, which resembles "kyik-chip kyik-chipKYIK". 
 
- 

BROWN-TAILED FLYCATCHER
The brown-tailed flycatcher is sometimes mistaken for the arctic flycatcher and is slightly smaller than it. The  brown-tailed flycatcher has a black neck and red breast. Brown-tailed flycatchers can often be found around southern canopies or at times in southern rivers. A bird living in flocks, they are found around the homes of the coastal vulture. CALL: a melodic singing which sounds like "ou-klip ou-klipCHI". 
 
- 

CRIMSON-SHOULDERED COOT
The crimson-shouldered coot has a red throat and a crimson shoulder. Usually, one can be told apart by its tufted tail and its' notable oversized shoulder. You are most likely to discover crimson-shouldered coots in eastern undergrowth. There, they can often be observed feeding on freshwater fish. A bird living in flocks, they travel long distances annualy to the same sites in the North in the fall, to withstand the weather. CALL: a sort of "coo-ah". 
 
SOUTHERN FLYCATCHER
The southern flycatcher is slightly larger than the brown-tailed flycatcher and is notable for its golden beak and golden crest. Both birds have  a red head and  a golden beak and  a golden shoulder and  a red breast. Southern flycatchers may sometimes be found in southern branches searching for fruits and nuts. These birds live in flocks. CALL: a kind of "chi-wee chip". 
 
- 

GOLDEN-SHOULDERED GULL
A gull with a yellow tail is the golden-shouldered gull. Golden-shouldered gulls often inhabit western tundra or mountain tops where they most often subsist on brittlefish, lanternfish, and eelouts. These birds only survive far from human populations, in flocks. CALL: a hoarse "wee-kraa-ai wee-kraa-aiER". 
 
COASTAL FLYCATCHER
The coastal flycatcher is much smaller than the southern flycatcher and is notable for its brown head and black shoulder. They have speckled tails and mottled beaks. Coastal flycatchers may often be found in northern estuaries searching for seeds and some grubs. These birds have lost the capacity for flight, in flocks. CALL: a type of singing - first high then melodic "wee-kyik ka wee-kyik". 
 
CHATTERING COOT
We know nothing about the chattering coot.
 
- 

BLACK-THROATED SWIFT
The black-throated swift is conspicuous for its brown tail and its brown neck. Black-throated swifts may often be seen in western mountain tops searching for seeds and nuts. These birds live in large congregations. CALL: a type of "TEEkyik-er TEEkyik-erCHI". 
 
COASTAL DUCK
One kind of duck is the coastal duck, a bird notable for its white shoulder and gray crest. Their narrow crests are remarkable. Coastal ducks may often be found in northern undergrowth searching for freshwater fish. In solitude, they make their homes in depressions in the ground covered over by branches. CALL: a abrasive "rik-kyik-per wee rik-kyik-per". 
 
SOUTHERN COOT
A relative of the chattering coot, the southern coot is somewhat smaller than it, and has a golden tail and golden beak. Southern coots can often be spotted eating freshwater fish in southern bushes, or now and then in undergrowth. These solitary birds will steal sandwiches. CALL: a hoarse "er-klip-ai". 
 
GOLDEN-TAILED FLYCATCHER
A relative of the coastal flycatcher, the golden-tailed flycatcher is much larger than it, possessing a white shoulder and yellow throat. Usually, one can be identified by its speckled shoulder and its' conspicuous mottled throat. Golden-tailed flycatchers feed on seeds, worms, and berries in eastern undergrowth. These flocking birds mate at the correct times with great theatrics and zeal. CALL: a chattering that starts tuneful and ends hoarse, which might be transcribed "ah-rik-rik kraa". 
 
BLUE-SHOULDERED GULL
The blue-shouldered gull is much smaller than the golden-shouldered gull and is notable for its black beak and yellow wing. Its' remarkable speckled crest usually lets you identify one. Blue-shouldered gulls can occasionally be observed eating freshwater fish in northern branches, or now and then in undergrowth. These flocking birds will congregate and gratefully eat if fed. CALL: a kind of singing - first tuneful then low "pip-ah-oo pip-ah-ooER". 
 
- 

COMMON HAWK
The common hawk is a hawk with a gray tail and a yellow neck. They can most often be told apart by their oversized crests and breasts. Common hawks may often be spotted in eastern beaches searching for shorebirds. They fly slowly. CALL: a high "AHrik-klip-chip". 
 
YELLOW-TAILED SWIFT
A bird with a yellow tail and a black throat is the yellow-tailed swift. One can be told apart by its oversized beak and its' narrow throat. Yellow-tailed swifts may often be spotted in southern conifers or in tundra. Their diet consists primarily of roots and seeds. A bird living with many of their kind, they mate at the correct times with great theatrics and zeal. CALL: a low tweeting which resembles "CHIPcoo-tee-chi tee". 
 
SOUTHERN THRUSH
The southern thrush is remarkable for its golden crest and its red beak. They have speckled breasts and narrow heads. Southern thrushs can sometimes be found eating fruits and nuts in southern branches, or now and then in treetops. These semi-solitary birds make their homes in flat platforms composed of dead twigs and leaves. CALL: a sort of "KRAAai-tee-kok KRAAai-tee-kokKLIP". 
 
NORTHERN GULL
The northern gull is sometimes mistaken for the blue-shouldered gull and is much larger than it. The  northern gull has a golden shoulder and golden breast. Northern gulls may sometimes be seen in northern bushes searching for freshwater fish. These birds live in solitude. CALL: a abrasive squawking which might be transcribed "COOwee-kyik ka COOwee-kyik". 
 
CRIMSON-TAILED FLYCATCHER
The crimson-tailed flycatcher resembles the golden-tailed flycatcher but is somewhat smaller than it, possessing a crimson tail and red shoulder. Its' remarkable mottled neck most often lets you identify one. Crimson-tailed flycatchers may sometimes be spotted in southern bushes or in branches. Their diet consists primarily of fruits and nuts. A bird living with many of their kind, they make their homes in depressions in the ground covered over by moss, wool, fabric, plant fluff, or string. CALL: a low squawking which resembles "KAah-rik". 
 
RED-TAILED COOT
The red-tailed coot is somewhat larger than the southern coot and is notable for its brown crest and red throat. Both birds have  a black head and  a golden neck. Red-tailed coots feed on freshwater fish in northern undergrowth. A bird living in pairs, they are found around the homes of the red-crested grebe. CALL: a singing that starts abrasive and ends hoarse, which sounds like "AIoo-per ai". 
 
SQUAWKING DUCK
The squawking duck is sometimes confused with the coastal duck and is slightly larger than it. The  squawking duck has a brown breast and yellow neck. Squawking ducks feed on trout, flounder, and perch in eastern canopies. They can generally be told apart by their speckled tails and wings. These semi-solitary birds will steal sandwiches. CALL: a sort of "COOcoo-ou COOcoo-ouKOK". 
 
SOUTHERN SWIFT
With a gray throat, the southern swift is much larger than the black-throated swift. Southern swifts often occupy southern pine stands or cliffsides where they generally subsist on seeds and spiders. These semi-solitary birds are found around the homes of the yellow-winged woodpecker. CALL: a melodic "er-chi-kraa wee er-chi-kraa". 
 
- 

NORTHERN ALBATROSS
One kind of albatross is the northern albatross, a bird conspicuous for its brown throat and gray head. Northern albatrosss can often be spotted eating freshwater fish in northern bushes, or now and then in cliffsides. In flocks, they are a brood parasite, leaving their eggs in nests of the northern partridge rather than raising their own young. CALL: a "er-ou KLIPai-er er-ou KLIPai-erKA". 
 
SINGING EAGLE
A bird with a black shoulder and a yellow throat is the singing eagle. They can typically be told apart by their striped throats and tails. You are most likely to discover singing eagles in eastern reeds. There, they can often be seen feeding on rodents and lizards. Singley, they thrive in cities. CALL: a kind of "oo-ou kok-er-pip wee oo-ou kok-er-pip". 
 
RED-HEADED FLYCATCHER
One kind of flycatcher is the red-headed flycatcher, a bird remarkable for its yellow crest and red head. One can be identified by its narrow tail and its' speckled throat. You are most likely to discover red-headed flycatchers in eastern canopies. There, they can never be observed eating nuts, beetles, and fruit. They only survive far from human populations. CALL: a chattering that starts abrasive and ends low, which resembles "kok-ai klip-coo-pip". 
 
EASTERN ORIOLE
The eastern oriole is remarkable for its golden breast and its golden head. Their striped heads are conspicuous. Eastern orioles sometimes occupy eastern estuaries or undergrowth where they typically subsist on seeds, worms, and berries. These birds live individually or in small groups. CALL: a type of singing - first tuneful then low "ah-er klip-ah-ah ai". 
 
COASTAL HAWK
A hawk with a violet head is the coastal hawk. One can be identified by its tufted wing and its' oversized shoulder. You are most likely to discover coastal hawks in western bushes. There, they can often be observed eating rabbits, mice, and gophers. They thrive in suburbs. CALL: a kind of singing - first low then tuneful "kyik-ou kyik-tee-kyik kyik-ou kyik-tee-kyikPIP". 
 
EASTERN SWIFT
With a brown beak, the eastern swift is much smaller than the southern swift. Their colors are completely different. Eastern swifts often inhabit eastern bushes or reeds where they typically subsist on grubs and worms. These birds collect bright trinkets found in the dirt, alone. CALL: a kind of groaning - first high then hoarse "tee-chip chip-ah kok tee-chip chip-ah". 
 
RED-TAILED DUCK
We know nothing about the red-tailed duck.
 
SINGING COOT
The singing coot is somewhat larger than the red-tailed coot and is notable for its brown throat and brown breast. Singing coots feed on freshwater fish in eastern undergrowth. They have narrow shoulders and oversized heads. These birds seek hot currents of wind to fly high on, in solitude. CALL: a kind of singing - first low then melodic "chi-ou coo-er oo". 
 
GRAY-NECKED FLYCATCHER
With a blue crest, the gray-necked flycatcher is much larger than the crimson-tailed flycatcher. Their speckled breasts are remarkable. Gray-necked flycatchers feed on seeds and spiders in eastern cliffsides. A bird living in flocks, they are found around the homes of the white-tailed swallow. CALL: a "chi-oo wee-ah chi-oo wee-ahKLIP". 
 
TROPICAL GULL
The tropical gull is sometimes mistaken for the northern gull and is slightly smaller than it. The  tropical gull has a yellow beak and yellow tail. Tropical gulls feed on trout, flounder, and perch in northern canopies. One can be distinguished by its narrow wing and its' striped neck. These birds are found around the homes of the yellow-necked swift, alone. CALL: a sort of screeching - first abrasive then abrasive "OUer-chi-ah pip OUer-chi-ah". 
 
MOUNTAIN THRUSH
A relative of the southern thrush, the mountain thrush is somewhat larger than it, possessing a black head and red shoulder. Both birds have  a yellow tail and  a yellow wing and  a red shoulder and  a white breast. Mountain thrushs can sometimes be spotted eating seeds, grubs, and berries in western bushes, or now and then in pine stands. These semi-solitary birds seek rising currents of wind to fly rapidly on. CALL: a "KOKkyik-chip-er". 
 
WESTERN SWIFT
The western swift resembles the yellow-tailed swift but is much smaller than it, and has a golden shoulder and white neck. Their narrow throats are notable. You are most likely to discover western swifts in western conifers. There, they can often be observed eating nuts, seeds, and beetles. These birds live singley. CALL: a hoarse squawking which sounds like "CHIklip-per-wee kyik". 
 
CHATTERING HAWK
We know nothing about the chattering hawk.
 
